Is it him? Yes, it's him.
Old woman, you want to help your son steal from me.
My son beats you to everything, why can't he fight with you?
What did you say? Your son beats me in everything.
That's local.
I really want to cry because of your laughter.
Okay, then what did you say?
Your son, how can you compete with me?
For example, in studying, I am better than him than you.
He'll beat you to it.
That's a temptation
Now is the time to struggle
He must be a mover
I always have a lot of these
So what can you criticize me about?
Do you think your dad is very powerful?
Why did he ask me to come and criticize him?
who do you think you are
My dad always has a lot of difficulties
Just like you
I have never eaten in my life. I went to meet my dad first.
Call your dad quickly
This difficulty is slightly different from what is recommended
Although they divided my business from Ling's family,
I want you and your wife quickly
I asked but didn’t say anything.
As long as Ruoxie and I talk about attributives
My dad divides the center and you have 100 square cents
It's my business
Already decided to raise him
I've already taken you to fight with the young master, so stop fighting. Is it true?
Did you really agree?